Welcome to clear and simple these first six five professional part 1 year preparation course for the
VCP exam.
Now I know you may be tempted to skip over this introduction but just stick with me for a couple of
moments while I mention some important resources that can really help you succeed.
And I promise it'll take less than three minutes.
My name is Rick Creasey and I've been a VM or certified instructor since 2013.
I've taught these for the thousands of students and I'm also the primary VM or author for trainer tests.
This is the first course in a series of two dedicated to the Vee's for a 6.5.
Data center virtualization exam.
The second course is still under development.
As of August 2000 a team but it should be ready soon.
Now I want to encourage you to get some hands on experience and the best place to do so is the visit
H.O. well not V.M. dot com.
There's plenty of free labs available for you there and you can try out just about all the features
that you might want to try.
Finally I want to encourage you to ask questions.
I want you to get the best possible experience from this class.
If you have a question don't hesitate to reach out.
I'm happy to be along with you for this journey.
I also want to welcome you to connect with me on Linked-In.
I try to answer all questions as quickly as I can.
And if there's anything I can do to improve this course please let me know.
I strive to get all five star review scores.
So if there is any reason that you feel that this course does not deserve five stars please don't hesitate
to reach out.
Thanks and enjoy learning about vees faire.